Your web browser is not a supported version and may not be fully compatible with this website
Insure Your Possibilities®
Insure Your Possibilities®

Browse all topics

We get it. Things can get confusing when it comes to Medicare. We can help you sort it out.
                

View All Resources

If you're looking to grow in your career, Mutual of Omaha can provide that opportunity.
Learn about the evolution of our corporate symbol and how it aligns to our mission.
*In OR and WA "agent" should be replaced with "producer."
Customer Access is an easy way to manage your account. You can pay bills, update information, review policies and more.
The Employee Portal is a convenient self-service portal that allows employees direct access to claims information.
To choose the right coverage, you need to know the basics about Medicare. We’ve collected everything you need to know about Medicare, so you can pick the plan that best fits your needs.
This is called Part A.
Part A covers inpatient hospital care. While you are in the hospital, it covers everything that is crucial for your treatment. Like your medications, X-rays, lab tests, operations, and meals. It can also pay for necessary follow-ups to inpatient care like physical therapy or skilled home nurse care. And, it covers hospice services for the terminally ill.
The federal government provides Part A, and most people don't pay a monthly premium. If you're admitted to a hospital, there's a deductible and some further cost sharing that you pay.
This is called Part B.
Part B covers doctor’s care when you’re sick or have a medical condition. It pays for outpatient hospital and clinic care, lab tests, and some nursing care at home if you’re homebound. Part B generally makes it easier to get preventative care, including things like your annual wellness exam, preventative screenings, and yearly flu shots.  It can cover the medical equipment you need for your home. And it can cover you if you have to go to the Emergency Room. It also covers most doctor services while you’re in the hospital.
The federal government provides Part B, and you’ll have to pay a monthly premium. For visits to the doctor, part B has a deductible and some cost sharing that you pay.
An All-in-One option you can purchase to replace Part A and B
This is called Part C.
Medicare Advantage combines the coverage of Part A and B – Original Medicare, plus extra benefits. Many plans include prescription drug coverage as well as dental and vision care. Some plans have no copays for most labs or tests. And some even have extra benefits like gym memberships and transportation.
Most plans offer $0 premiums, but you do have to pay your Part B premium. Most plans have copays for treatment. And you’ll continue to pay your Part B premium. Medicare Advantage plans have a yearly limit for out-of-pocket costs you have to pay. Once you reach that amount, you won’t pay more for any of your Medicare costs, your plan will cover it. Different plans have different maximums.
Medicare Advantage plans work all by themselves. They replace Medicare Parts A and B and because of this all-in-one approach, you don't pair them with Medicare Supplement policies.
This is called Part D.
Part D covers your prescription drugs and is a great addition to pair with Medicare supplement insurance. You probably won’t need it if you get Medicare Advantage since most Medicare Advantage plans include it. Remember what prescriptions are covered depends on which plan you get.  But you most likely won’t need it if you choose Medicare Advantage instead. You can also pair it with Medicare supplement insurance for even more coverage. Just remember: which prescriptions are covered depends on which plan you get.
You have to get your Prescription Drug Plan through a private insurer, like Mutual of Omaha.  You’ll pay a monthly premium and a yearly deductible. You'll also pay a coinsurance (a percentage of the cost for your prescriptions) or a copay (a flat fee for some of your prescriptions’ cost).
This is also called Medigap.
Medicare Supplement (also known as Medigap) covers things that Original Medicare doesn’t, like copays, deductibles, and coinsurance. It does all this with a steady, predictable, monthly bill you can budget for. And it can’t be cancelled. It will be renewed for as long as you pay your premium on time.
You can add a Prescription Drug Plan and a Dental plan to Medicare supplement insurance to get even more coverage.
You have to get Medicare supplement insurance through a private insurer, like Mutual of Omaha.  You’ll have to pay a monthly premium and depending on the plan you may also have copays.
Sign up for an all-in-one plan that provides the coverage of Part A, Part B, and Part D. This plan also covers extra benefits like dental, hearing, and transportation.
Put the pieces together to build the coverage that’s right for your health and wallet. Enjoy the flexibility of choosing just the benefits you want.
For Medicare Part A and Part B, some people get them automatically while others have to sign up. Whether you have Social Security and how long you've worked and paid into Medicare play a big role in how and if you need to apply. If you are someone who is automatically enrolled, you'll receive your Medicare Card in the mail 3 months before your 65th birthday. Learn more about signing up for Medicare in our questions section.
If you don't know which bucket you fall into, contact a Mutual of Omaha agent for more information about what to expect and plan for.
You can enroll in Medicare starting three months prior to the month of your 65th birthday and extending for three months after the month of your birthday. (If your birthday is on the first of the month, you can enroll beginning four months prior to the month of your 65th birthday but only two months after the month of your birthday). Learn more about when you can apply in our Medicare questions section.
You apply at your local Social Security Office, either online, by phone, or in-person.
You can apply for a new Medicare supplement insurance plan at any time. However, you could be denied due to health conditions. If you want to switch between a Medicare Supplement plan and a Medicare Advantage plan, you need to switch during certain periods of time and depends on your current health conditions. Whether it's a Medicare Advantage plan or a Medicare supplement insurance policy you can apply during the Annual Enrollment Period from October 15 to December 7 of each year. You cannot be denied this coverage, and it will be effective the following January 1.
Learn more about switching in our Medicare questions section.
Want help finding a plan just suited for you?
Want help finding a plan just suited for you?
Our advisors are ready to answer any question you may have to help you pick your perfect plan.
This is a solicitation of insurance and an insurance agent/producer will contact you.
Not connected with or endorsed by the U.S. government or the federal Medicare program.
Medicare supplement insurance policy forms are underwritten by United World Life Insurance Company, 3300 Mutual of Omaha Plaza, Omaha NE 68175.  Policy Forms: WM20, WM22, WM24, WM25, WM34, WM35, WM36 or state equivalent (in WI, WM28-25274, WM29-25275, in NC, WM20-25293NC, WM24-25294NC, WM25-25295NC, WM34-25296NC, WM35-25297NC, WM36-25735NC). Not all policy forms may be available in every state.  Select policy forms are only available to individuals who turn 65 before January 1, 2020.
An outline of coverage is available upon request. The Guide to Health Insurance for People with Medicare is also available from your state Department of Insurance or the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services.
Your Medicare supplement insurance policy has the following exclusions and will not pay for: expenses you incur while your policy is not in force; except as provided in the EXTENSION OF BENEFITS section; your confinement in a hospital or skilled nursing facility during a Medicare Part A benefit period that begins while your policy is not in force; any expense you incur which is paid for by Medicare; any expense that is payable under any other insurance plan, policy, or certificate, or any employee benefit plan, which pays benefits on an expense-incurred basis; non-Medicare-eligible expenses, including, but not limited to, routine exams, take-home drugs, and eye refractions; services for which a charge is not normally made in the absence of insurance; or loss or expense that is payable under another Medicare supplement insurance policy or certificate. Coverage may vary by state.
In some states, if you receive Medicare benefits because of a disability, you may apply for a Medicare supplement insurance policy regardless of your age.
Your coverage starts on the policy date 12:01 a.m. where you reside. It ends at 12:01 a.m. where you reside on the first policy renewal date. Each time you renew your policy by paying the premium within the 31-day grace period, a new term begins when the old term ends. You may cancel your policy at any time by giving us written notice. Your policy will terminate on the earliest of the date we receive your request to cancel the policy, your coverage is replaced by another Medicare supplement insurance policy, the required premium has not been paid before the end of the grace period or the date of your death. In the event of cancellation or death, we will promptly return the unearned portion of any premium paid. Termination will not affect any claim that began while your policy was in force.
In NC, premiums are based on attained age, which means they will increase each year until age 99.
© 2021 Mutual of Omaha Insurance Company. All rights reserved.
392807
