Teams
Q&A for work
Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search.
Our public platform serves 100 million people every month, making it one of the 50 most popular websites in the world.
Our asynchronous knowledge management and collaboration offering Stack Overflow for Teams, is transforming how people work.
In May we were named the People’s Voice Winner in the Webby Awards
We’re a seasoned winner in the G2 awardsSpring 2019 to Winter 2021
Stack Overflow for Teams won the 2020 Stratus Award for Cloud Collaboration
Founded in 2008, Stack Overflow’s public platform is used by nearly everyone who codes to learn, share their knowledge, collaborate, and build their careers.
Our products and tools help developers and technologists in life and at work.  These products include Stack Overflow for Teams, Stack Overflow Advertising, and Stack Overflow for Talent and Jobs.
Stack Overflow for Teams, our core SaaS collaboration product, is helping thousands of companies around the world as the transition to remote work, address business continuity challenges, and undergo digital transformation.
Whether it’s on Stack Overflow or within Stack Overflow for Teams, community is at the center of all that we do.
Where developers and technologists go to gain and share knowledge.
Where developers and technologists share private knowledge with coworkers.
Where companies attract and recruit tech talent, and where developers find jobs.
Where companies reach the world’s largest audience of developers and technologists.
Authentically serve our customers by empowering, listening and collaborating with our fellow Stackers.
Adopt a Growth Mindset. Be curious and eager to learn. Aim for ethical, sustainable, long-term growth, both personally and in the company.
Communicate openly and honestly, both inside and outside the company. Encourage transparency from others by being empathetic, reliable, and acting with integrity.
Give people space to get their job done, support them when they need it, and practice blameless accountability.
Community is at the heart of everything we do. Nurture healthy communities where everyone is encouraged to learn and give back.
We do our best work when a diverse group of people collaborate in an environment of respect and trust. Create space for different voices to be heard, and allow flexibility in how people work.
We’re proud to be a remote first company working across many timezones, with offices in New York, London, Austin and Munich *

                        Stack Exchange Inc.
                        110 William Street
                        28th Floor
                        New York, NY 10038
                    
* All employees are currently working fully remote.
Check out our FAQ about how Stack Overflow works.
To share feedback about our platform, please visit our meta community.
Looking for help with Stack Overflow for Teams?

site design / logo © 2021 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under cc by-sa.                    rev 2021.3.3.38704

