Unable to install tkinter with pyenv Pythons on MacOS

                Subscribe to RSS
            
Join Stack Overflow to learn, share knowledge, and build your career.
Teams
Q&A for work
Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search.
Versions of Python installed via pyenv fail to import tkinter:
or you might get a message about the header version doesn't match the binary:
TL;DR set the env. vars. mentioned in tcl-tk's caveats and this GitHub comment when installing new Pythons via pyenv to get tkinter.
First, ensure you have the latest tcl-tk via homebrew and then pay attention to its caveats:
You'll also need to know about pyenv's PYTHON_CONFIGURE_OPTS, --with-tcltk-includes, and --with-tcltk-libs, e.g. from this comment.
Next, reinstall Python with the environment variables active:
It should work now:
If you get the following error, you might be missing the PYTHON_CONFIGURE_OPTS env. var. above.
Here is step by step guide to make tkinter (and IDLE) work if you use pyenv for Python environments management on macOS:
Test


That's it!
My environment:
check this is something went wrong executing steps above:
I had the same issue when I tried to install tkinter through pyenv. I was able to fix it using the following in case someone has the same problem and still want to stick with pyenv.
The Fix
I followed @nickolay instructions to install tkinter and set the path the proper way.
Then, I installed anaconda3-2020.07 using the pyenv install anaconda3-2020.07 command.
Because I am using pyenv python 3.8.6 globally: I navigated to the folder I want to use tkinter and used the anaconda3-2020.07 locally by utilizing the command pyenv local anaconda3-2020.07to use this version of pyenv in that specific folder. It ran without errors!
Note: I am using the following script in the .bash_profile to trigger the virtualenv automatically when cd the desired directory
Thanks for contributing an answer to Stack Overflow!
But avoid …
To learn more, see our tips on writing great answers.
Required, but never shown
Required, but never shown

                                                By clicking “Post Your Answer”, you agree to our terms of service, privacy policy and cookie policy

To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader.

site design / logo © 2021 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under cc by-sa.                    rev 2021.3.12.38768

